About The Opportunity Avenue Code is the leading software consultancy focused on delivering end-to-end development solutions for digital transformation across every vertical. We’re privately held, profitable, and have been on a solid growth trajectory since day one. We care deeply about our clients, our partners, and our people. We prefer the word ‘partner’ over ‘vendor’, and our investment in professional relationships is a reflection of that philosophy. We pride ourselves on our technical acumen, our collaborative problem-solving ability, and the warm professionalism of our teams. Avenue Code has been believing in and promoting plurality actions for over 10 years, understanding that recognizing differences and fostering a safe environment, employment opportunities, representation, and support are the best ways to promote an increasingly equitable culture. We are seeking a Senior Software Engineer to join a lean, cross-functional engineering team. This role involves ownership across the full stack and across the entire product, order, and customer lifecycle. Responsibilities Design, architect, and lead the implementation of high-quality, scalable software solutions across the full stack Build and maintain systems spanning the product, order, and customer lifecycle as part of a small, high-scope team Write technical proposals and influence product decisions; seek alignment with business stakeholders Define technical direction and contribute to engineering best practices Mentor and support other engineers through pair programming and code reviews Continuously identify and address technical debt, both incrementally and as elevated roadmap items Participate in an on-call rotation to support production systems Fluent or Advanced English is a must Required Qualifications Node.js, TypeScript, JavaScript, GraphQL, MongoDB, React, React Native, Redis, RabbitMQ Demonstrated track record of delivering large-scale projects to production successfully Experience architecting medium-to-large-scale distributed systems Strong sense of ownership and ability to thrive in a startup or fast-paced environment Self-motivated and comfortable working with a high degree of autonomy Nice To Have Skills Avenue Code reinforces its commitment to privacy and to all the principles guaranteed by the most accurate global data protection laws, such as GDPR, LGPD, CCPA and CPRA. The Candidate data shared with Avenue Code will be kept confidential and will not be transmitted to disinterested third parties, nor will it be used for purposes other than the application for open positions. As a Consultancy company, Avenue Code may share your information with its clients and other Companies from the AI/R Group to which Avenue Code’s consultants are allocated to perform its services.
