With a mission to financially empower the next generation, Sezzle is revolutionizing the shopping experience beyond payments, blending cutting-edge tech with seamless, interest-free installment plans that make shopping smarter and more accessible. We’re not just transforming payments; we’re redefining how people discover, interact with, and purchase the things they love while driving real impact on merchant sales through increased conversions and higher order values. As we continue to shape the future of fintech and retail, we’re building an innovative, dynamic team passionate about creating more than just a transaction but a truly unique shopping journey. If you’re excited about pushing boundaries in tech and delivering a game-changing experience for consumers and merchants alike, come join us at Sezzle and help create the future of shopping! About the Role: We are seeking a talented and motivated Junior Mobile Engineer who is best in class with a high IQ plus a high EQ. This role presents an exciting opportunity to thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment within a rapidly growing team, with abundant prospects for career advancement. Compensation The compensation range for the role is $2,200 - $3,500 per month (Gross in USD) Interview Process We believe transparency is important at Sezzle. Regularly providing feedback while setting expectations is part of our culture starting with the interview process. Advancement through each step is not guaranteed. Application submitted (you are here) Wonderlic test (30-40 min) Coding assessment (:1.5 hours) Interview with recruiters (30 min) Interview with engineers (1 hour) Interview with engineering leadership (30-45 min) Offer! Key Role Responsibilities: Help own and build out new features within our cross-platform TypeScript React Native app, and Golang backend APIs. Manage our releases, using tools like cohorting, feature flags, and app-store infrastructure to ensure a safe rollout to our millions of active users. Maintain a strong working relationship with product, design, and the business to ensure stakeholder needs are being evaluated and met. Work with the team to continuously build clean, scalable, robust, and testable code. Develop a deep working knowledge of your application, data domain, and KPIs. What We Look For: 1 to 3 years of professional mobile development experience, with at least 6+ months in React Native or Similar technology such as Flutter. Experience developing and delivering a mobile application to Apple and Google’s mobile app stores. Strong familiarity with modern Frontend Development, Javascript or Typescript, and building applications with React Native, or similar cross-platform framework. Deep understanding of React Native architecture, hooks, context, navigation patterns, and performance optimization. Understanding of relational databases like MySQL. Strong familiarity with unit testing, integration testing, and E2E testing (Jest, React Native Testing Library, Detox, Appium, etc.). Ability to lead features end-to-end — from requirements, design, implementation, deployment, monitoring, and improvement. Capable of performing high-quality code reviews with focus on maintainability, clarity, and best practices. Drives technical decisions, proposes improvements, and elevates code quality across the team. Works well with product managers, designers, backend teams, and QA. Demonstrated experience working with Claude or equivalent large language model tools is required; candidates must be comfortable leveraging AI to enhance productivity, research, and communication. Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field. Preferred Knowledge and Skills: Ability to solve problems with backend-focused languages like Go, Python, Java or similar. Familiarity with typical microservice architecture composed of HTTP APIs. Experience working with native code on iOS. Knowledge of mobile CI/CD pipelines (Fastlane, Bitrise, GitHub Actions, etc.). About You: You have relentlessly high standards - many people may think your standards are unreasonably high. You are continually raising the bar and driving those around you to deliver great results. You make sure that defects do not get sent down the line and that problems are fixed so they stay fixed. You’re not bound by convention - your success—and much of the fun—lies in developing new ways to do things You need action - speed matters in business. Many decisions and actions are reversible and do not need extensive study. We value calculated risk-taking. You earn trust - you listen attentively, speak candidly, and treat others respectfully. You have backbone; disagree, then commit - you can respectfully challenge decisions when you disagree, even when doing so is uncomfortable or exhausting. You have conviction and are tenacious. You do not compromise for the sake of social cohesion. Once a decision is determined, you commit wholly. Sezzle’s Technology Stack: Languages: Golang, Typescript, Python Frontend: Typescript - React and React Native Backend: Golang Database: MySQL, Postgres, Elasticsearch DevOps & Cloud: AWS, Kubernetes Version Control: Git CI/CD: Gitlab Testing: Developer-driven, focus on automated unit, integration, and end-to-end tests Sezzle is focused on using open source, and we build what we can before buying! What Makes Working at Sezzle Awesome? At Sezzle, we are more than just brilliant engineers, passionate data enthusiasts, out-of-the-box thinkers, and determined innovators; we are skilled musicians, yogis, cyclists, chefs, golfers, dog-lovers, and rock-climbers. We believe in surrounding ourselves with not only the best and the brightest individuals, but those that are unique and purpose-driven in all that they do. Our culture is not defined by a certain set of perks designed to give the illusion of the traditional startup culture, but rather, it is the visible example living in every employee that we hire.
